Fix/members owner leave team action (#11033)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/access-control.mdx

  <source src="/docs/videos/invite-team.mp4" type="video/mp4" muted playsInline />
</video>

### Transferring ownership of an organization

> An organization can have multiple owners, so a Supabase organization can either have 1 owner, or several owners.
> 
> If you would like to no longer be an owner of an organization you can simply click 'Leave team' in the members view (`https://app.supabase.com/org/<org-slug>/settings#team`) of your organization.
> However, you can only leave an organization when there is _at least 1 other owner_.
> 
> If you are transferring ownership of your organization to someone else, then you will need to invite the new member with the role `"Owner"`. Once they've accepted the invitation, you can then leave your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Supabase organization can have one or more owners. If you no longer want be an owner of an organization, click **Leave team** in the members view (`https://app.supabase.com/org/<org-slug>/settings#team`) of your organization.
However, you can only leave an organization when there is _at least one other owner_.

If you are transferring ownership of your organization to someone else, you will need to invite the new member with the **Owner** role. You can leave the organization after they've accepted the invitation.
```

> If you are transferring ownership of your organization to someone else, then you will need to invite the new member with the role `"Owner"`, and then once they've accpeted the invitation, you can then leave your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are transferring ownership of your organization to someone else, then you will need to invite the new member with the role `"Owner"`. Once they've accepted the invitation, you can then leave your organization.
```
